Date: 13/12/23

I had a productive session tackling Data Structures and Algorithms (DSA) challenges, evident from my Coding Ninjas profile's progress graph. Here are the three problems I successfully solved:

Kth Smallest and Largest Element of Array: Delving into array manipulation, I managed to efficiently find both the Kth smallest and largest elements within an array, honing my skills in algorithmic thinking and array handling.

Reverse The Array: Reversing an array might seem simple, but mastering this fundamental operation is crucial. I successfully implemented an algorithm to reverse an array, solidifying my grasp on array manipulation techniques.

Find Minimum and Maximum Element in an Array: Exploring arrays further, I effectively devised a method to find the minimum and maximum elements within an array, strengthening my ability to navigate and extract data from arrays efficiently.

Web Development Achievement:
In the realm of web development, I reached a significant milestone:

I conceptualized and implemented an automated system on my website designed specifically to handle predefined queries using a structured approach facilitated by JSON files.

The Automated Query System:
Objective: The primary aim of this system is to provide automated responses to predefined questions through a structured set of queries outlined in JSON format.

Implementation: Leveraging the power of JSON, I structured the queries within the files, enabling seamless retrieval and response generation based on incoming inquiries.

Advantages: This system streamlines the process of handling user queries by automating responses, ensuring accuracy and efficiency while managing user interactions on the website.

This venture into automation not only demonstrates my proficiency in web development but also underscores my ability to create efficient and structured systems to enhance user experiences on digital platforms.
 
flutter dev :

In Flutter, you can add images using the Image widget or Image.asset to display images stored in your project. Here's a step-by-step procedure to add images in Flutter:

1. Prepare Your Images:
Place your images in a folder within your Flutter project. A common convention is to create a folder named assets in the root directory of your project.
2. Declare Image Assets in pubspec.yaml:
Open your pubspec.yaml file.
Add the following lines under the flutter section:
yaml
Copy code
flutter:
  # ... other configurations
  assets:
    - assets/  # The folder where your images are stored
3. Use the Images in Your Flutter Widgets:
Using AssetImage:
Import the necessary packages at the top of your Dart file:
dart
Copy code
import 'package:flutter/material.dart';
Use Image.asset to display the image:
dart
Copy code
Image.asset('assets/image_name.png'), // Replace 'image_name.png' with your image file name
Displaying Network Images:
To display images from the internet, use the Image.network widget:
dart
Copy code
Image.network('https://example.com/path/to/your/image.png'),
Example:
Let's say you have an image named example.png in the assets folder of your project.

Directory structure:
markdown
Copy code
- your_flutter_project/
  - android/
  - ios/
  - lib/
  - assets/
    - example.png
  - pubspec.yaml
  - ...
Using the image in your Flutter code:
dart
Copy code
Image.asset('assets/example.png'),
Ensure that the path provided in Image.asset matches the actual path to your image relative to the assets folder.

Note:
Hot reload might not update changes related to assets in some cases. In such scenarios, try stopping and restarting your app.
Remember to replace image_name.png or URLs with the actual names and paths of your images or URLs. This way, your Flutter app should be able to display the images you've added to your project.